readme.md, before:

# SOFTENG 281 - Test 1 (Basic OOP)
Within the repo are test questions similar to CodeRunner exercises and the Practice Test - all roughly covering topics around OOP in Java.

## The Questions, alongside subjective difficulty
1. Steel Fabrication Manager (Medium) [`SteelFabricationManager.java`] - ArrayLists, Object-Object Interaction
2. Natural Disaster Management System (Medium) [`DisasterEvent.java`]  - Multiple Constructors
3. Criminal Investigation (Medium) [`CriminalInvestigation.java`]  - Hashmaps, Object-Object Interaction
4. RPG Character System (Medium) [`Character.java`]  - Abstract Classes, String Manipulation
5. Space Fleet (Medium) [`SpaceFleet.java`]  - ArrayLists, For Loops(?)
6. Bank Account (Easy) [`BankAccount.java`]  - Static Variables/Methods
7. Library Management System (Hard) [`Library.java`]  - ArrayLists, Object-Object Interaction, Hashmaps(?)
8. Zookeeper Management System (Hard) [`ZooManager.java`] - ArrayLists, Object-Object Interaction
9. Publications (Medium) [`Publication.java`] - Abstract Classes, Polymorphism
10. Chemical Substances (Medium) [`ChemicalSubstance.java`] - Abstract Classes, Object-Object Interaction
11. Pet Hotel (Medium) [`PetHotel.java`] - ArrayLists, Object-Object Interaction
12. Experiment Tracker (Easy) [`ExperimentTracker.java`] - ArrayLists
13. Team Manager (Easy) [`TeamManager.java`] - ArrayLists
14. Phoneme Analyser (Hard) [`Phoneme.java`] - Primitive Types, ArrayLists
15. DNA Lab System (Hard) [`DnaLab.java`] - Object-Object Interaction, ArrayLists, String Manipulation

## Notes
- Each "Question" is separated into its own file - 1 file = 1 question.
- Each Question has ~10 test cases to qualify a full pass, however most are fairly simple to implement.
- The task overview for each question is located in `notes.md`, ordered and generally explain everything, however for a few questions one may need to look at the test cases to get precise formatting correct.
    - Using VSCode, markdown files should have a "preview" in the top right, showing the formatted document rather than plaintext.
- The maven wrapper like in **Assignment 1** can be used in the same way, however running test cases will be less verbose due to lack of the same CLI as in A1.
- My implementations/solutions can be found in the `solved` branch.

Commit message:

small edit to readme about new imports

readme.md, after:

# SOFTENG 281 - Test 1 (Basic OOP)
Within the repo are test questions similar to CodeRunner exercises and the Practice Test - all roughly covering topics around OOP in Java.

## The Questions, alongside subjective difficulty
1. Steel Fabrication Manager (Medium) [`SteelFabricationManager.java`] - ArrayLists, Object-Object Interaction
2. Natural Disaster Management System (Medium) [`DisasterEvent.java`]  - Multiple Constructors
3. Criminal Investigation (Medium) [`CriminalInvestigation.java`]  - Hashmaps, Object-Object Interaction
4. RPG Character System (Medium) [`Character.java`]  - Abstract Classes, String Manipulation
5. Space Fleet (Medium) [`SpaceFleet.java`]  - ArrayLists, For Loops(?)
6. Bank Account (Easy) [`BankAccount.java`]  - Static Variables/Methods
7. Library Management System (Hard) [`Library.java`]  - ArrayLists, Object-Object Interaction, Hashmaps(?)
8. Zookeeper Management System (Hard) [`ZooManager.java`] - ArrayLists, Object-Object Interaction
9. Publications (Medium) [`Publication.java`] - Abstract Classes, Polymorphism
10. Chemical Substances (Medium) [`ChemicalSubstance.java`] - Abstract Classes, Object-Object Interaction
11. Pet Hotel (Medium) [`PetHotel.java`] - ArrayLists, Object-Object Interaction
12. Experiment Tracker (Easy) [`ExperimentTracker.java`] - ArrayLists
13. Team Manager (Easy) [`TeamManager.java`] - ArrayLists
14. Phoneme Analyser (Hard) [`Phoneme.java`] - Primitive Types, ArrayLists
15. DNA Lab System (Hard) [`DnaLab.java`] - Object-Object Interaction, ArrayLists, String Manipulation

## Notes
- Each "Question" is separated into its own file - 1 file = 1 question.
- Each Question has ~10 test cases to qualify a full pass, however most are fairly simple to implement.
    - Additional fields, imports, constructors or methods may be required, or would facilitate faster completion.
- The task overview for each question is located in `notes.md`, ordered and generally explain everything, however for a few questions one may need to look at the test cases to get precise formatting correct.
    - Using VSCode, markdown files should have a "preview" in the top right, showing the formatted document rather than plaintext.
- The maven wrapper like in **Assignment 1** can be used in the same way, however running test cases will be less verbose due to lack of the same CLI as in A1.
- My implementations/solutions can be found in the `solved` branch.
